This exercise seems very interesting, and could be the only one you ask for maybe ?
Having 3 different exercises to do in 48 hours is a lot in my opinion, mainly for people who are still working during the day.

Unfortunately, I didn't have enough time to code this properly. I will then explain how I would have done it and what are my thoughts on this.

Here are the steps needed:
- Open and read the file in the argument in the command line
- Get the panel and scrabble board variables
- Get better word in scrabble board. For this, I suppose this is what has to be done:
    - Go through the scrabble board first vertically and then horizontally
    for each cell in each line
        get letter
        if (letter)
            create a list of possible combinations:
            - get all the empty cells on the left + letter found
            - letter found + get all the empty cells on the right
            - get all the empty cells at the top + letter found
            - letter found + get all the empty cells at the bottom
            - (? I don't have enough time to describe them all) I'll need to check if I can create another word with a part of the word already on the board + one or more of my letters.

            For each empty cell number in each situation, I'll create the associated number of combination.
            If 5 empty cells, I'll create 5 different possibilities, with 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 empty value in each.

            Once I've found the list of possible combinations, I will check if I can form a word with my letters which exists in the dictionary.
            For this, I think the easiest would be to get a list of words in my dictionary which have some specific conditions, like:
                - get all the words which have the same length
                    for each word, split all the letters in it and check if I have all the missing letters in my hand.
                        if I do, then I'll add this word in an other array I'll call "availablePossibilities"

            
            Once I've done this in all the scrabble board (I know there are other checks which are missing but I unfortunately don't have enough time to describe them all),
            I will calculate the score for each one of them and will keep the best score.
            Maybe instead of doing this, I could have added this word in a variable called temporary output which is an object,
            with a field word and another field score which calculates it.
            At least I will replace this object if I find a word with a better score.



Here are the getters needed to start this exercise:
getPanel() => returns string // from the last line of the file
getScrabbleBoard() // returns string from rest of the file
getOuput(getScrabbleBoard(), getPanel()) // returns `(x_start,y_start,vertical,word)`
getLetterScores(letter) // returns a number. use a switch(letter) and the case is using a letter.match(/[AEIOU]/)

